'''Note:''' This document is for seafile server 1.4 and later. For a old version, see [[Deploy Seafile Web With Nginx/Apache old|here]].

In a production environment, you often want to deploy Seafile Web(Seahub) behind a reverse proxy like Apache or nginx. Use a web server serves multiple purposes:

* Static files can be served by Apache/Nginx directly to achieve better performance.
* You need to use Apache/Nginx if you want to [[Enable Https on Seafile Web]].

Before continue, ensure that:

* you have installed the <code>python-flup</code> library
* you have '''NOT''' started seahub or seafile

== Deploy with nginx ==

Assume you are running seahub as the root domain, for example '''www.myseafile.com'''

This is a sample nginx config file.

<pre>
server {
    listen 80;
    server_name www.myseafile.com;
    location / {
        fastcgi_pass    127.0.0.1:8000;
        fastcgi_param   SCRIPT_FILENAME     $document_root$fastcgi_script_name;
        fastcgi_param   PATH_INFO           $fastcgi_script_name;

        fastcgi_param	SERVER_PROTOCOL		$server_protocol;
        fastcgi_param   QUERY_STRING        $query_string;
        fastcgi_param   REQUEST_METHOD      $request_method;
        fastcgi_param   CONTENT_TYPE        $content_type;
        fastcgi_param   CONTENT_LENGTH      $content_length;
        fastcgi_param	SERVER_ADDR         $server_addr;
        fastcgi_param	SERVER_PORT         $server_port;
        fastcgi_param	SERVER_NAME         $server_name;

        access_log      /var/log/nginx/seahub.access.log;
    	error_log       /var/log/nginx/seahub.error.log;
    }       

    location /media {
        root /path/to/seahub;
    }
}
</pre>

== Deploy With Apache ==

Before deploying with Apache, you need to configure Apache first. Install and enable mod_fastcgi and also enable mod_rewrite (which is usually installed by default).

Then edit httpd.conf file, add this line:

  FastCGIExternalServer /var/www/seahub.fcgi -host 127.0.0.1:8000

After that, assume you are running seahub as the root domain, for example '''www.myseafile.com'''

This is a sample apache config file.

<pre>
<VirtualHost *:80>
  ServerName www.myseafile.com
  DocumentRoot /var/www
  Alias /media  /home/user/haiwen/seafile-server-1.3.2/seahub/media         # path to your seahub media 
  RewriteEngine On
  RewriteRule ^/(media.*)$ /$1 [QSA,L,PT]
  RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
  RewriteRule ^/(.*)$ /seahub.fcgi/$1 [QSA,L,E=HTTP_AUTHORIZATION:%{HTTP:Authorization}] # HTTP_AUTHORIZATION is used in API authorization
</VirtualHost>
</pre>

== Start Seafile and Seahub ==

Before you start seafile and seahub, you first need to modify the file <code>ccnet.conf</code>.

=== Modify ccnet.conf ===

Modify the value of <code>SERVICE_URL</code> in <code>/data/haiwen/ccnet/ccnet.conf</code>

<pre>
SERVICE_URL = http://www.myseafile.com
</pre>

'''Note: '''If you later change the domain assigned to seahub, you also need to change the value of  <code>SERVICE_URL</code>.

=== Start Seafile Server ===

Now you can start seafile server by 
<pre>./seafile.sh start</pre> 

After seafile is started, then start seahub as following.

=== Start Seahub (when using the pre-compiled server package) ===

Assume you have followed the steps in [[Download and Setup Seafile Server]], please run commands as follows:

<pre>
./seahub.sh start-fastcgi
</pre>

The <code>start-fastcgi</code> command of <code>seahub.sh</code> is available since Seafile server 1.4.

=== Start seahub (when building seafile server from source) ===

Assume you have followed the steps of [[Build and Deploy Seafile Server from source]], and you have uncompressed seahub to <code>/data/haiwen/seahub/</code>

<pre>
export CCNET_CONF_DIR=/path/to/your/ccnet/conf/dir
export SEAFILE_CONF_DIR=/path/to/your/seafile/conf/dir
export PYTHONPATH=/data/haiwen/seahub/thirdpart:$PYTHONPATH

cd /data/haiwen/seahub
python ./manage.py runfcgi host=127.0.0.1 port=8000 \
 errlog=/tmp/seahub-stderr.log outlog=/tmp/seahub-stdout.log
</pre>