This manual explains how to change various config options for Seafile server. We assume that you've [[Download-and-setup-seafile-server|setup Seafile server]]. 

== Seafile Network Configurations (ccnet.conf) ==

You may change Seafile's network options by modifying `ccnet/ccnet.conf` file. Let's walk through the options by an example.

<pre>
[General]

# This option is not used by Seafile server
USER_NAME=example

# Please don't change this ID.
ID=eb812fd276432eff33bcdde7506f896eb4769da0

# This is the name of this Seafile server. It'll be displayed on Seafile client program.
NAME=example

# This is outside URL for Seahub(Seafile Web). It'll be displayed on Seafile client program.
# The domain part (i.e., www.example.com) will also be used by the client sync files with server.
# Note: Outside URL means "if you use Nginx, it should be the Nginx's address"
SERVICE_URL=http://www.example.com:8000


[Network]

# Ccnet waits for client connections on this port. If it's used by other services, please change it.
# This is only useful for the seafile server.
PORT=10001

[Client]
# Ccnet listens to this port on localhost for local clients' request (e.g. seahub website).
# If it's been used by other services, ccnet and seafile would not be able to run.
# If you want to run seafile client and server on the same machine, change this port for the client.
PORT=13419

</pre>

'''Note''': You should restart seafile so that your changes take effect.

<pre>
cd seafile-server
./seafile.sh restart
</pre>

== Storage Quota Setting (seafile.conf) ==

You may set a default quota (e.g. 2GB) for all users. To do this, just add the following lines to `seafile-data/seafile.conf` file

<pre>
[quota]
# default user quota in GB, integer only
default = 2
</pre>

This setting applies to all users. If you want to set quota for a specific user, you may log in to seahub website as administrator, then set it in "System Admin" page.

== Default history length limit (seafile.conf) ==

If you don't want to keep all file revision history, you may set a default history length limit for all libraries.

```
[history]
keep_days = days of history to keep
```

== Seafile httpserver configuratoin (seafile.conf) ==

The configuration of seafile httpserver is in the <code>[httpserver]</code> section of the file <code>seafile-data/seafile.conf</code>

If you want to use another port for httpesrver, or enable https on httpserver, you need to modify the httpserver configuration; Otherwise, you can leave it as it is. See [[Enable Https on Seafile Web]] for more details on how to enable https for seafile web and httpserver.

<pre>
[httpserver]
# tcp port for httpserver
port = 8082
# use https or not
https=true
# if https is used, the path to the SSL pemfile and privkey must be provided.
pemfile=/path/to/ssl/pemfile/
privkey=/path/to/ssl/privkey
</pre>

Change upload/download settings.

<pre>
[httpserver]
# Set maximum upload file size to 200M.
max_upload_size=200

# Set maximum download directory size to 200M.
max_download_dir_size=200
</pre>

'''Note''': You need to restart seafile and seahub so that your changes take effect.
<pre>
./seahub.sh restart
./seafile.sh restart
</pre>

== Seahub Configurations (seahub_settings.py) ==

=== Sending Email Notifications on Seahub ===

A few features work better if it can send email notifications, such as notifying users about new messages.
If you want to setup email notifications, please add the following lines to seahub_settings.py (and set your email server).

<pre>
EMAIL_USE_TLS = False
EMAIL_HOST = 'smtp.domain.com'        # smpt server
EMAIL_HOST_USER = 'username@domain.com'    # username and domain
EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD = 'password'    # password
EMAIL_PORT = '25'
DEFAULT_FROM_EMAIL = EMAIL_HOST_USER
SERVER_EMAIL = EMAIL_HOST_USER
</pre>

If you are using Gmail as email server, use following lines:

<pre>
EMAIL_USE_TLS = True
EMAIL_HOST = 'smtp.gmail.com'
EMAIL_HOST_USER = 'username@gmail.com'
EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD = 'password'
EMAIL_PORT = 587
DEFAULT_FROM_EMAIL = EMAIL_HOST_USER
SERVER_EMAIL = EMAIL_HOST_USER
</pre>

'''Note''': If your Email service still can not work, you may checkout the log file <code>/tmp/seahub.log</code> to see what may cause the problem. For complete email notification list, please refer to [[Email notification list]].

=== Customize Seahub Logo ===

1. Added your logo file to <code>seahub/media/img/</code>

2. Overwrite <code>LOGO_PATH</code> in <code>seahub_settings.py</code>

<pre>
LOGO_PATH = 'img/<your-logo-file-name>'
</pre>

3. Overwrite <code>LOGO_URL</code> in <code>seahub_settings.py</code>

<pre>
LOGO_URL = 'http://your-seafile.com'
</pre>

=== Seahub Settings ===

You may change seahub website's settings by adding variables in `seahub_settings.py`.

<pre>

# Choices can be found here:
# http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_zones_by_name
# although not all choices may be available on all operating systems.
# If running in a Windows environment this must be set to the same as your
# system time zone.
TIME_ZONE = 'UTC'

# Set this to seahub website's URL. This URL is contained in email notifications.
SITE_BASE = 'http://www.example.com/'

# Set this to your website's name. This is contained in email notifications.
SITE_NAME = 'example.com'

# Set seahub website's title
SITE_TITLE = 'Seafile'

# If you don't want to run seahub website on your site's root path, set this option to your preferred path.
# e.g. setting it to '/seahub/' would run seahub on http://example.com/seahub/.
SITE_ROOT = '/'

# Site admin can reset user's password, initial password is 123456.
INIT_PASSWD = '123456'

# Whether to use pdf.js to view pdf files online. Default is `True`,  you can turn it off.
# NOTE: since version 1.4.
USE_PDFJS = True

# Enalbe or disalbe registration on web. Default is `False`.
# NOTE: since version 1.4.
ENABLE_SIGNUP = False

# Activate or deactivate user when registration complete. Default is `True`.
# If set to `False`, new users need to be activated by admin in admin panel.
# NOTE: since version 1.8
ACTIVATE_AFTER_REGISTRATION = False

# Whether to send email when a system admin adding a new member. Default is `True`.
# NOTE: since version 1.4.
SEND_EMAIL_ON_ADDING_SYSTEM_MEMBER = True

 # Whether to send email when a system admin resetting a user's password. Default is `True`.
# NOTE: since version 1.4.
SEND_EMAIL_ON_RESETTING_USER_PASSWD = True

# Hide `Organization` tab.
# If you want your private seafile behave exactly like https://cloud.seafile.com/, you can set this flag.
CLOUD_MODE = True

# Online preview maximum file size, defaults to 30M.
FILE_PREVIEW_MAX_SIZE = 30 * 1024 * 1024

# Age of cookie, in seconds (default: 2 weeks).
SESSION_COOKIE_AGE = 60 * 60 * 24 * 7 * 2

# Whether to save the session data on every request.
SESSION_SAVE_EVERY_REQUEST = False   

# Whether a user's session cookie expires when the Web browser is closed.                    
SESSION_EXPIRE_AT_BROWSER_CLOSE = False                 

</pre>

'''Note''': You need to restart seahub so that your changes take effect.

<pre>
./seahub.sh restart
</pre>