== For Ubuntu/Debian ==

On Ubuntu/Debain, we make use of the [https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UbuntuBootupHowto /etc/init.d/] scripts to start seafile/seahub at system boot.
* Create a script '''/etc/init.d/seafile-server'''
```
sudo vim /etc/init.d/seafile-server
```
The content of this script is:

(You need to modify the value of '''user''' and '''script_path''' accordingly)
```
#!/bin/sh
### BEGIN INIT INFO
# Provides:		seafile-server
# Required-Start:	$all
# Required-Stop:	$all
# Should-Start:		$local_fs
# Should-Stop:		$local_fs
# Default-Start:	2 3 4 5
# Default-Stop:		0 1 6
### END INIT INFO

# Change the value of "user" to your linux user name
user=haiwen

# Change the value of "script_path" to your path of seafile installation
seafile_dir=/data/haiwen
script_path=${seafile_dir}/seafile-server-1.7.0
seafile_init_log=${seafile_dir}/logs/seafile.init.log
seahub_init_log=${seafile_dir}/logs/seahub.init.log

# Change the value of fastcgi to true if fastcgi is to be used
fastcgi=false
# Set the port of fastcgi, default is 8000. Change it if you need different.
fastcgi_port=8000

case "$1" in
        start)
                sudo -u ${user} ${script_path}/seafile.sh start > ${seafile_init_log}
                if [  $fastcgi = true ];
                then
                        sudo -u ${user} ${script_path}/seahub.sh start-fastcgi ${fastcgi_port} > ${seahub_init_log}
                else
                        sudo -u ${user} ${script_path}/seahub.sh start > ${seahub_init_log}
                fi
        ;;
        restart)
                sudo -u ${user} ${script_path}/seafile.sh restart > ${seafile_init_log}
                if [  $fastcgi = true ];
                then
                        sudo -u ${user} ${script_path}/seahub.sh restart-fastcgi ${fastcgi_port} > ${seahub_init_log}
                else
                        sudo -u ${user} ${script_path}/seahub.sh restart > ${seahub_init_log}
                fi
        ;;
        stop)
                sudo -u ${user} ${script_path}/seafile.sh $1 > ${seafile_init_log}
                sudo -u ${user} ${script_path}/seahub.sh $1 > ${seahub_init_log}
        ;;
        *)
                echo "Usage: /etc/init.d/seafile {start|stop|restart}"
                exit 1
        ;;
esac
```
'''Note''': If you want to start seahub in fastcgi, just change the '''fastcgi''' variable to '''true'''

* Then update the system config
```
# make the script executable
sudo chmod +x /etc/init.d/seafile-server
# update system rc.d config to enable seafile-server
sudo update-rc.d seafile-server defaults
```

* Done. Don't forget to update the value of '''script_path''' later if you update your seafile server.

== For RHEL/CentOS ==

On RHEL/CentOS, the script [http://www.centos.org/docs/5/html/Installation_Guide-en-US/s1-boot-init-shutdown-run-boot.html /etc/rc.local] is executed by the system at bootup, so we start seafile/seahub there.

* Locate your python executable (python 2.6 or 2.7)
```
which python2.6 # or "which python2.7"
```

* In /etc/rc.local, add the directory of python2.6(2.7) to '''PATH''', and add the seafile/seahub start command

````
# Assume the python 2.6(2.7) executable is in "/usr/local/bin"
PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/bin/

# Change the value of "user" to your linux user name
user=haiwen

# Change the value of "script_path" to your path of seafile installation
script_path=/data/haiwen/seafile-server-1.7.0

sudo -u ${user} ${script_path}/seafile.sh start > /tmp/seafile.init.log 2>&1
sudo -u ${user} ${script_path}/seahub.sh start > /tmp/seahub.init.log 2>&1
```
'''Note''': If you want to start seahub in fastcgi, just change the '''"seahub.sh start"''' in the last line above to '''"seahub.sh start-fastcgi"'''

* Done. Don't forget to update the value of '''script_path''' later if you update your seafile server.